- [Instructor] Now let's do the next step.
We have to create a TransactionBean
which is going to do those DB operations
against the respective tables.
The bank account transaction
and the bank account transaction log, right?
So let's go back to the IDE and under the
source packages, I'll add a package
and say com.app.ejbBeans.
So I'm going to create a stateless session Bean.
If you remember in our earlier videos
we talked about this concept.
It is basically a kind of enterprise Java Bean
which allows you to do independent operations
based on your request processing needs.
So I'm just going to say finish.
And here I'll create a session Bean.
Let's name it TransactionBean.
Okay, and you do see it is already annotated
with the stateless annotation.
Let's also give this Bean a name.
So I'm going to say, bx Bean.
Now here, we have to define a couple of methods.
One, to save the bank account transaction information,
And the other, to save the bank account
transaction log information.
So let's go ahead and start doing that.
But, in order to define those couple of methods,
Do we understand that we also need the
connection object to the database?
That's right, but now we are not going to use the
conventional JDBC program to do the connection stuff.
What we are going to do is this.
I'm going to say add resource and
I'm going to ask this particular Bean
to look up the JDBC resource that
we've already configured.
That's the one, so I'm going to pick this up,
go to IDE and mention that as the lookup resource.
And let me also give a reference for this.
This will be the data source and
that will be source one for us.
Similarly, I'm going to inject the other data source as well
by copying lines number 20 and 21
and pasting them to 23, 24.
Let me just change this name to data source two,
and this reference as well to data source two.
Right?
So now we have two independent data sources
injected into this TransactionBean.
And now, the couple of methods that we will write,
each one of them will use one data source reference.
Okay, so let's go ahead, you'll add business logic now.
Let's get rid of the comment and let's
right-click insert code add business method.
Okay.
Let's name this save bank account transaction.
Make sure you follow the naming convention right.
Save bank account transaction, say okay
And then let's add one more, right click insert code,
and add business method.
And this you can name as, save bank account transaction log.
Right?
So one method for each of the tables.
Let's say okay.
Now let's go inside the save bank account transaction
and quickly write the code for it.
So the first thing is we a need connection object.
So we get that connection object,
Java.sql from the data source.
I'm gonna say, sourceone.getconnection.
Okay, next we take the statement object,
so I'm just going to write a plain statement coding
so that will be, let's import that and say
connection.createstatement,
and then statement.executeupdate, this one.
And what are we going to do here?
Let's maximize this, so that will be
insert into bank account transaction values
Now let's see what values we want to insert.
Let's go back to the database and that's your table.
So we have transaction entries up 'til 20
and in the log we have not much of entries
because this is a fresh table that you may
have created for tracking, you know the audit information.
So under the transaction table, I'm going to insert
a new entry with a primary queue of 21.
So let's go ahead and say 21.
Let's say this is for account number one-one-zero-one,
and let's say this is a debit operation.
Let's say it was for 400 dollars, and let's also
give the date time stamp so that will be,
Let's close these codes, sorry.
Let's close these codes first.
And then say new Java.sql update
to which I will feed in the system current time.
And once that is done, then you will have to
make sure that you lose that single code.
So that will be single code and the bracket.
So you don't need this, right?
So we have inserted into the bank account
transaction table these values.
So this is a fresh entry for the transaction table.
Now, there will of course be the checked exceptions
that will be thrown in so instead, we are just going to say
throws close this time will not handle it using tri-catch
Let the calling method handle it.
Okay, now the similar thing we'll have
to do for the other method as well.
So I am going to copy lines 32 to 34 carefully.
Come to the other method and on line 38
I am pasting out these lines.
But now the difference will be that this particular
operation will happen with the data source two.
And the table is of course different so we will have
to change the coding, so this will be
transaction underscore log table.
Okay, and the values will be, let's see what values
you want to insert.
So let's go to the data base and check out
the transaction log table.
So we only have two entries so the primary key
of the next record will be three.
So let's go ahead there, the IDE and say
I want to insert a third entry for the transaction ID 21.
So let's say 21, and who did this transaction,
that's the next column so maybe I'll say system did it.
And there's no amount column here so we'll get rid of it.
This as well will throw you the sql exception.
Let's quickly define the throws close.
So we have defined those couple of transaction methods
that are going to our transactions
against our respective tables.
Okay, so this is a fresh entry so when this entry
gets inserted, yes this entry should
also get inserted without any problems.
Correct, okay so we'll now look at the next step
but that will happen in the next video.